Align bare-metal-install-* docs with clr-installer verify-iso-integrity (#1186)
clearlinux/clear-linux-documentation: source/get-started/bare-metal-install-desktop.rst

.. _preliminary-steps-install-desktop-end:

Choose boot menu option
=======================

#. Choose one of the options shown in Figure 1.

   a. Follow `Verify integrity of installer media (optional)`_.

   #. Select :guilabel:`Clear Linux OS` in the boot menu.

      .. figure:: /_figures/bare-metal-install-desktop/bare-metal-install-desktop-01.png
         :scale: 100%
         :alt: Clear Linux OS in boot menu

         Figure 1: Clear Linux OS in boot menu

.. _install-on-target-end:

Verify integrity of installer media (optional)
==============================================

> Use :guilabel:`Verify ISO Integrity` to verify the checksum of 

Reviewer: Can we reword this a little. 

```suggestion
Use :guilabel:`Verify ISO Integrity` to verify the checksum of 
the image burned to the installer media. The checksums helps ensure the ISO is un-corrupted (see Figure 1).  For every ISO generated, the :guilabel:`clr-installer` implants checksums, which are verified during 
early boot stage as part of :command:`initrd`.
```

.. _preliminary-steps-install-desktop-end:

Choose boot menu option
=======================

#. Choose one of the options shown in Figure 1.

   a. Follow `Verify integrity of installer media (optional)`_.

   #. Select :guilabel:`Clear Linux OS` in the boot menu.

      .. figure:: /_figures/bare-metal-install-desktop/bare-metal-install-desktop-01.png
         :scale: 100%
         :alt: Clear Linux OS in boot menu

         Figure 1: Clear Linux OS in boot menu

      .. note::

>          If no action is taken, installation starts by default.

Reviewer 2: Technically, the installation will not start, it just boots into the live image.

```suggestion
         If no action is taken, the live image starts by default.
```

Author: @mdhorn Thanks for the attention to wording. I applied your suggestions. See latest commit.
